---
title: I Wish I Could Be Content
date: '2026-01-15'
published: false
---

I've been using Coolify the last few months to self-host some apps. Despite it doing the job, I've spent the last week building my own deployment process to replace it. I won't get into it too much now, but with Terraform and Ansible, I've setup a builder VM and an app runner VM. The builder has a cron that checks repos for changes and builds Docker images of the apps. It then uses Ansible to update the Docker container on the app runner VM. Handles stuff like rollbacks if health checks fail and backups. Notifies Discord too. It's cool. But it's driving me crazy. It works, but that's not enough. I've got a hundred ideas on how to make it better. A dozen different paths I could take. Should I keep using Ansible? Just bash scripts? What about a Bun app? Should the build and app runner be combined? How should my files be structured? I've been dreaming about this stuff the last few nights.

I'm sitting here thinking, why am I doing this? _Why can't I just be content with what's out there?_ Instead of adjusting my workflow to the tools available, I am building and bending everything around me to fit me. When I look back on things, all of this stems from me trying to find the best way to manage images with my blog posts and not wanting them to be in my git repo. Like I think my life would be about 200% better if I just used some hosted blog. But I have it in my head that _no_, that is not how it should be done. I'm a Developer. I have to own it. All of it. And since I own all of it, I can do whatever I want. And if I can do whatever I want, it _needs_ to be perfect. Whatever the current state is, I can promise you it's not good enough. Anything less is a waste of my abilities.

A big part of this is needing to prove to myself that I can do it. I have learned a lot over the years doing more and more myself. Admittedly, using AI tools has made it possible for me to iterate quickly and try new things more easily. I'm thinking that's part of the problem though. The speed is kinda overwhelming to my brain. I'm trying to keep more and more in there. It also seems a bit gamified. Like the "one more turn" of Civilization. "Oh I can have Claude Code fix this real quick. Oh here's another little thing it can do too." On and on. To be fair, I've always had that issue. It's hard for me to stop when I get going. There's always something little I can tweak or try. But using AI has lowered the barrier of what is a tweak.

Will there be a point that I can admit to myself that yeah, I can do all this, but I shouldn't? Just pay for something and be done with it. I'm not convinced that will ever happen for me, but it sure sounds nice!