---
title: AI Is Complicated
date: '2026-02-16'
published: false
---

I'm writing this as a snapshot of my current feelings. I'm a human capable of learning and adapting, so who knows what I will think even six months from now.

I use AI. I hate that it is called AI. I hate that they are trained on content without the creators permission. I hate that people are talking about not hiring junior developers. I hate a lot about it. But I still use it. I still find value in it in my work. Compared to many, I am an unprincipled hypocrite. No excuse, but it's complicated. If I wanted to, I could probably take a hardline stance against AI and find another job if needed. But to be honest, I've grown to somewhat enjoy working with AIs. It's almost addicting. I am able to implement a side project in a weekend instead of months. I can try multiple iterations of an implementation at the same time and compare them. An AI will take a pass at spelling, grammar, and style guide on this post. I use it has a jumping off point for research and ideating. As an introvert, it is great having a thing I can bounce ideas off of at any time. Having an agent write code does let me expand my view and focus on the larger context. I find it to be a useful tool.

As I've started using agents in my day job, things have started to feel different. I'm not sure I'm totally comfortable or ready for it.

For most of my career, my official job title has been some variation of Software Engineer. I usually refer to myself as a Software Developer though. I've never really felt like engineer was appropriate. As I've moved into senior and staff positions, engineer might have become more accurate. But with AI agents, I might be more of an engineer than ever? I'm focusing more on the design and less on the implementation.

In 2020, my wife and I built a house. I think most of you know what that means. We came up with some ideas of what we wanted in a house, got an engineer to draw up some plans, another engineer to make sure it would be structurally sound, and then had a general contractor gather materials and organize sub-contractors to actually construct the house. We did not literally build the house ourselves. I did some of the work, but not even close to all of it. 200 years ago, if I said I built my house, that might have meant that I cut down the trees, framed it, stacked stones, and all that. Most people do not build a house like that today.

What does it mean to build software anymore? To me it used to mean that I handcrafted every line of code. But that was always a lie. I _never_ wrote 100% of the code. I'm a web developer. My `node_modules` are full of other people's code that I use without batting an eye, let alone reading it to understand what it is actually doing. Today, I am describing what I want to AI agents and approving their plans. The agents are generating the actual code. For the most part, what it produces is adequate. The cost of iteration and getting things right is relatively cheap. The more I design and architect the solution, the better the outcome.

This shift has been kinda unsettling to me. It feels a bit like a loss of identity. I'm a developer. A coder. A programmer. Whatever you want to call it. I enjoy writing code. That's why I got into this. I like getting into the nitty gritty. I enjoy fretting about function names and arguments. I like finding that perfect abstraction. I imagine this is a bit what it would feel like if I moved over to management. Maybe it is not a total loss. Like I said, I think using agents has allowed me to focus more on the bigger picture. But sometimes that is just not as fun. I find great satisfaction in designing, implementing, and deploying everything myself. I am afraid of losing that feeling. Maybe I just need to change my mindset, but I don't think putting together IKEA furniture will ever feel as satisfying as building a bookcase myself. Faster and cheaper, sure. But not as satisfying. I'm still figuring out how all this works in my life. I'm attempting to use AI less for personal projects. Developing personal projects is a hobby. Speed and cost are not always the thing that need to be optimized. My theory is that if I don't use it at home, I can keep a sense of satisfaction. But using it at work makes it so simple to slide into it at home too—It's kinda addicting.

If my job was just writing code, I would be worried. I do believe AI will replace jobs. Right now, the best thing I know how to do is to stay curious and care. I can also use my position to advocate for hiring curious and talented junior developers. Maybe I just don't have the vision, but if we actually replace all junior devs with AI, there would be no one to replace the senior devs. We will lose the expertise and experience that lets us even entertain the idea of turning over software development to AIs. Software development is so much more than just code though. Call me an optimist, but I think there will always be room for humans who care.