---
title: Hobbytime 2026
date: '2026-01-11'
published: false
---

I've been thinking about my hobbies and what's in store this year. I think I have finally come to terms with the fact that my hobbies come in waves. I dive deep for a bit and then switch to something else. So here is kinda a snapshot of my current interests and plans.

## Pokemon

My interest in Pokemon is waning. In the past, that would frustrate me. But I've realized I don't need to do a hobby every day for it to be a hobby. I still enjoy collecting and opening packs. But I did not get into playing the TCG in 2025 like I thought I was going to. So I think I'm going to pull back some and invest more in other hobbies this year. I am going to focus more on singles—especially for my Glaceon master set—and making sure I have a booster pack from each set. I'm not going to go out of my way to acquire a bunch of packs to rip.

I would still love to play the TCG, but the most active places are nearly an hour away. I unfortunately just don't have the capacity to make that role right now. If I had friends close by who wanted to play, I totally would.

## LEGO

Is this the year I expand my city? Really not sure. But I am sure I am out of space. Without more space, there's still some things I can do like add a train track or maybe add more lights. But the lack of space is really making things difficult. I just bought bunch of new sets and literally have no where to display them. More stuff might need to go into storage.

I'd also like to take a real college try at making my own stuff. I've started a design for a library a couple times. If things go well, I'd love to be putting it in my city in 2026.

I'm going to [scale back my BrickLink store](https://samwarnick.com/blog/i-might-close-my-bricklink-store/). Try minifigs only for a bit. I'll also be able to organize parts again. I actually find that enjoyable.

## Homelab

More homelab in 2026. It's been fun to learn how to do this stuff. I'd like to attempt to move things off of Coolify and manage myself with IAC. There' a lot I don't know how to do yet like rollback a container if it fails or automate backups and restores. Also questions to be answered like should I even use containers if I'm automating with Ansible.

If I can afford new hardware this year, I would like to get more. I want to upgrade my network equipment. At minimum, a managed switch so I can setup VLANs. It would also be fun to get a Raspberry Pi to run in kiosk mode and connect to a TV to show my Grafana dashboards. Speaking of Grafana, I want to learn more about that and make some dashboards that really work for me.

## Blog

No big plans for the blog this year. Same format. Same random, scattershot posts. Maybe a redesign. Every other blog I see these days has the same [Flexoki](https://github.com/kepano/flexoki)-esque theme. It didn't feel as trendy when I updated my blog, but now it does. So I've been thinking about that some.