---
title: 'Devlog—September 10, 2023'
date: '2023-09-10T14:00'
summary: Maybe just use a spreadsheet.
oldUrl: 'https://samwarnick.com/2023/9/devlog-september-10-2023'
---

A friend of mine likes to say "every app either starts or ends as a spreadsheet."

My wife and I have a spreadsheet we use to track our savings and what we are savings towards. The best feature of this spreadsheet is that it projects when we will meet our goals. I didn't set things up perfectly, so it's gotten out of sync and the projections are wrong right now. I thought this might be a nice thing to convert to an app of some sort.

I recently read [_Hypermedia Systems_](https://hypermedia.systems)[^1]. It got me hyped to try out [Htmx](https://htmx.org). I got a Go server running with Fiber, added Htmx, Alpine.js, and Picocss. I was ready to go.

I started thinking things through in my thinking chair. A line from _Hypermedia Systems_ came to mind. Under the section "When Shouldn't You Use Hypermedia?" The authors write, "One example that springs immediately to mind is an online spreadsheet application."

🤦🏻‍♂️

It still could be done, but probably not the best idea to start with.

What did I end up doing? During a work meeting that I didn't really need to pay attention to, I took 10 mins and fixed the logic in my spreadsheet. It now appears to calculate things correctly. This was the right solution.

Now I need to find a new project to try Htmx on. I'm sure I could still make this project work with Htmx, but I want to try it on something it is especially well-suited for.

[^1]: If you can get over the overuse of _emphasis_ in the book, I think this is a worthwhile read and I quite enjoyed it. Not only did the ideas and philosophies speak to me, I thought they did a good job of answering every question I had about Htmx going into it.
