---
title: 'Devlog—May 11, 2023'
date: '2023-05-11T16:00'
tags:
  - Projects
  - ScreenCred
oldUrl: 'https://samwarnick.com/2023/5/devlog-may-11-2023'
---

It's apparently been a little bit since I've posted. My family and I have been sick for about the last 3 weeks straight. Has not been fun. Took me out of my groove and I haven't made much progress on things. Starting to get back into it.

I've made one substantial change to ScreenCred.

Casey Liss of [ATP](https://atp.fm) and other parts of the internet, [is working on a TMDb iOS client called Callsheet](https://mastodon.social/@caseyliss/110278974761733692). If you're a subscriber to ATP, you can join the TestFlight. He recently added support for a URL scheme to open movies, shows, people in his app. I was very excited for this! ScreenCred currently lets you open the details of a movie or person in an in-app browser or Safari. But with this new URL scheme, I can open the details in Callsheet instead. I think this is a much better experience.

Feeling lazy, so no demo right now.

I had never used another app's URL scheme before, so a couple things I learned.
* You need to add the URL scheme to `info.plist` using `LSApplicationQueriesSchemes`.
* You can use `UIApplication.shared.canOpenURL` to essentially check if the app is installed. In my case, I fallback to the default of opening the details in an in-app browser.

So now, if you have Callsheet installed, you can open details from ScreenCred in it. Pretty neat.

I'm also working on expanding my URL scheme to allow a single movie or show to be opened in the app. This would let apps like Callsheet open ScreenCred from a movie details page, or something like that. Probably won't be used, but will help me sleep better at night.
