---
title: Why I Blog
date: '2025-06-18T21:48'
summary: >-
  I reflect on why I blog and consider the personal nature of my online
  presence.
tags: []
published: false
---
Dave and I were chatting the other day and he asked why I blog. It's changed over the years, but I blog for myself. My site is like half homepage, half journal, and half diary. I find writing useful for me to work through and solidify ideas and thoughts. Many of my posts don't even resolve anything and end in more questions than they started with. Publishing to the web is just kinda part of the process. It helps motivate me and hold me a little accountable knowing it's going out there. If other people stumble upon it, that's great, but I don't generally broadcast what I write. I don't mind if people read what I write, but I'm not writing it for them. But imagining someone else besides me might read it does help me write.

Despite all this not really being for you, in the back of my mind, I've always kinda wanted to be a capital-B Blogger. Every once in a while I do write something I think has some value and that I _do_ want to share. I'm hesitant to do that though. I worry that someone comes for a technical writeup on some API, browses around, and realizes "whoa, this dude is not quite stable." Perhaps most people would just not worry about it. But I do.

If I categorized my posts, there's two main areas:

1. Stuff I'm working on
2. Trying to be a stable adult

Maybe I need two blogs? A personal/feelings blog and a hobbies/technical blog? But then I'd get stuck thinking about where something should go. I guess I could write it and ask ChatGPT where it should go. Or just split them up on my site. One issue, this is [samwarnick.com](https://samwarnick.com). It's my name. That puts pressure on me for some reason. Everything here is attached to my me in a very real way. So like I don't want to go too far in either way? I don't know if that makes any sense. But at the same time, this is my place on the internet. I can do whatever I want. But it's on my mind. What should my home(s) on the internet be?

There I go again. Ending with more questions than I started with. TL;DR I blog because I like to blog.
