---
title: Devlog Jan 27–Feb 2, 2025
date: 2025-02-02T06:23
summary: "I'm working on two projects: adding emojis to Hannah's Game and
  developing a todo app that works exactly the way I want."
tags:
  - Devlog
published: true
---
Going to try bringing devlogs back, but at a weekly cadence. I'm only doing a little bit each day, so I figure I can roll all the stuff I've done into a weekly devlog and it would be slightly more interesting.

# [Hannah's Game](https://hannahsgame.samwarnick.com)

I added a few more emojis. Now a total of 48. It should loop back through when we get to the end in a couple of weeks. I'm also slapping `user-select: none` I’m onto stuff as my 3-year-old mashes on the screen, and I see gross text highlights.

# Perfect Todos

I've started a new project. The codename is Perfect Todos. Clever readers might be able to figure out that this is a todo app using the [perfect stack](https://samwarnick.com/blog/the-perfect-stack/). I haven't found what I want, so I'm attempting to build it. It will focus on 2 main features. One, by default, you only see a single task at a time. Two, you can easily replace any task with multiple tasks. Why perfect stack and not iOS? I'm getting a little frustrated with Apple, and I really want to give HTMX a real try and learn more about it.

I don't have much to show at this point. I move slowly. But this week I worked on rudimentary user authentication and sessions. My sessions were in-memory at first, but that would obviously get blown away every time the server restarted. So for now, I moved sessions to my SQLite database. I know that is also not ideal, but I don't want to figure out Redis or something right now.

I've got tables for lists and todos and am working on pages for both. CSS-wise, it is currently PicoCSS, but I'd like to do something more custom. I'm focusing on the data and UX before I turn to UI...mostly.

Maybe it's dumb, and I should just use Obsidian, but I like making software that works exactly the way I want.