---
title: 'Devlog—Nov 30, 2022'
date: '2022-11-30T19:00'
oldUrl: 'https://samwarnick.com/2022/11/devlog-nov-30-2022'
published: true
---

Dealing with some self-imposed scope creep. I've got it in my head that I want my app to have multiple themes. And I'm not just talking dark/light mode or accent colors. I want themes to change the way different elements in the UI look—buttons, cards, etc. So far It's taken me down some roads I don't completely understand, like generics. I'm trying to be fancy with protocols (which I also don't completely understand,) but I keep getting a lot of `Type 'any MyView' cannot conform to 'View'` errors. I'm probably complicating things and should just have wrapper components with a switch statement to choose which component to use based on the current theme. But, again, scope creep. Still don't have the core functionality of the app figured out. It's fun experimenting though.

---

In other news, I created an issue looking for maintainers on [Simple Embeds](https://github.com/samwarnick/obsidian-simple-embeds/issues/60). It was a big step for me. I've been putting it off for a long time. Didn't want to admit that I no longer had time, energy, or desire to work on one of my more successful projects. If no one is interested, eventually I will archive it and let it go for good. So we'll see what happens. But, excited to be closer to clearing headspace for other projects. It might be just me, but it really weighs on me knowing that I have something out there that people are using, but is essentially unmaintained—even if people are mostly okay with it how things are.
