---
title: 'Devlog—Nov 15, 2022'
date: '2022-11-15T19:00'
oldUrl: 'https://samwarnick.com/2022/11/devlog-nov-15-2022'
---

I started off with some general puttering around. Still deciding what direction I want to take things.

I decided I might like to have a package to share some common stuff between apps. So I made `SamKit`. To start off with I added a class with some helpers to get app info—like version and build—and a View that I use to show the version info in my settings views. I have never made my own Swift library before, so a couple things I learned:

1. You need to make things `public`, including the `init` of a View.
2. You can load a local library, not just from GitHub.
3. The package needs to be added under **Frameworks, Libraries, and Embedded Content**.

After that I did a little experiment with share sheets. SwiftUI has `ShareLink` now, which is quite nice. However, it appears there is no way to know if the share was successful or not. So I dug a bit more into using `UIActivityViewController.completionWithItemsHandler`. At first, the completion handler was never getting called. Turns out I forgot to remove the old `ShareLink` and call my new function instead 🤦🏻‍♂️. Classic. Then, it wasn't getting presented. I was getting the root view controller, but it was already presenting a sheet. So I needed to get the `presentedViewController` from that. After that, it worked beautifully.

```swift
private func showShareSheet() {
    let activityVC = UIActivityViewController(activityItems: [idea], applicationActivities: nil)
    activityVC.completionWithItemsHandler = { (activity, completed, items, error) in
        if completed {
            withAnimation {
                idea = "
            }
            return
        }
    }
    guard let scene = UIApplication.shared.connectedScenes.first as? UIWindowScene else {
        return
    }
    guard let window = scene.windows.first else {
        return
    }
    window.rootViewController?.presentedViewController?.present(activityVC, animated: true)
}
```
